Difference between ssh script-name, bash script-name and ./script-name?
./script-name works when +x permission given to file + requires shebang in script-name

In Bash scripting, $1 refers to the first argument passed to a script when it is executed.

Parent --> spawns Thousands of processes. Kernel saves exit codes and metadata of all childs in zombie states because parent can wait on any of them and require exit code of any of them which have terminated.  
Zombie processes can still occur if parent never exits.  --> Resource Leaks

Init waits on all process to prevent resource leak. It may happen that a parent spawning many processes and not waiting for them. then those child become of init then init waits for them. No resource leak.

Horizontal Scaling Problem:
One Name can not bind to multiple IP addresses of multiple machines.
Solution: Load Balancer.
Domain Name --> IP address of load balancer. It transfers request to free machines.

Anycast
Look at password salts

Only Torrents do CheckSum Verification. For softwares downloaded without Torrents, do manual CheckSum Verification
fail2ban pkge useful
root ca, lets encrypt, tls certificates. 

Commit --> On individual branch
Merge  --> Btw branches

(Rebase + merge) shows history of the other branch on the main branch.
How other branch went from common ancestor commit to the commit we merged with the main

But merge only shows that somehow you went from common ancestor to a really big achievement on main branch where big achievement was the work of another branch
that probably would have spanned across multiple commits. Those commits not visible on main.

Server gets to know somehow about the branches that you create and worked on and it will update commit on remote repo just there has been updated in local repo.
Ex if branch test was made from feature. You commited then all those commits of test would be reflected in a separate branch called test on server alongside commits of feature that has been made until this point if they were put in staging area.  

All changes checksummed in docker.

When image not on machine, docker run {IMAGE} first pulls out image from a docker hub.